Build Targets (ACASLibraries.Web.csproj):
-------------------
Build: Builds the javascript into the dist\ folder. The same can be accomplished using >>npm run build or simply grunt.
Clean: Deletes all the node_modules, bin, obj, and dist folders from your directory.
Rebuild: Clean and Build

Versioning: 
The Web project (javascript) is an npm package, so it has to conform to the rules and use semver versioning. This means the version number must
take the form x.x.x. We're using that to mean YY.Sprint.Patch, where patch should almost always be zero. We'd only patch if we needed to fix a critical bug
affecting applications that could not be resolved by just releasing a new version and upgrading the applications. To do that, we'd need to branch off a label
created during the production deploy process, set the version number appropriately, make the fix and manually deploy the built code, 
then destroy the branch.

In this way, the web project differs from our standard four part versioning convention, because we don't track the environment or revision in it. 

IMPORTANT!
------------------
After going to production, we must remember to update the package.json. The package.json
controls which folder is generated by the build. If we don't update the version number, 
the build will overwrite the last release on the server.

Executing ">>npm run bump" will update the version number one iteration.

Building locally - the build configuration doesn't really matter, whatever branch you're on will build. 
